Issue template and contributing info (#576)
RI-SE/ATOS: docs/Contributing/Issues/issues.md

## Using the issue tracker

The [issue tracker](https://github.com/RI-SE/ATOS/issues) on the repo page is the preferred channel for [bug reports](#bugs),

> features requests and for submitting pull

Reviewer: Can you submit pull requests via the issues tab?

Author: From an issue, you can create a branch which wiich will be linked to the issue.
![image](https://github.com/RI-SE/ATOS/assets/10436623/f24b3c92-d740-456c-8045-29d1c508242c)

![image](https://github.com/RI-SE/ATOS/assets/10436623/8e0541fd-18f5-4bf2-b787-18becdce5b6d)

This can then after proper review etc become a pr that is easy to correlate with the issue.

Reviewer: The sentence in the text still has to be modified for clarity.
Can you use the issue page in the repo for submitting pull requests? 

**The issue tracker on the repo page is the preferred channel** for [bug reports](#bugs),
features requests and for **submitting pull requests**

Author: Modified this and added an image for more clarity

requests, but please respect the following restrictions:

* Please **do not** use the issue tracker for personal support requests. [The discussions tab](https://github.com/RI-SE/ATOS/discussions) on the repo can be used for this instead. 

* Please **do not** derail or troll issues. Keep the discussion on topic and
  respect the opinions of others.

<a name="bugs"></a>
## Bug reports

> A bug is a _demonstrable problem_ that is caused by the code in the repository.
> Good bug reports are extremely helpful - thank you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bug is an error, flaw or fault in the design of a piece of software or code.
We welcome bug reports, as they are extremely helpful in furthering the development of the project.
```

Guidelines for bug reports:

1. **Use the GitHub issue search** &mdash; check if the issue has already been
   reported.

2. **Check if the issue has been fixed** &mdash; try to reproduce it using the
   latest `main` or development branch in the repository.

3. **Isolate the problem** &mdash;
A good bug report shouldn't leave others needing to chase you up for more
information. Please try to be as detailed as possible in your report. What is
your environment? What steps will reproduce the issue? What OS are you using, which

> browser is used for the gui?What would you expect to be the outcome? All these

Reviewer: The questions could be in list form

Author: Most of these steps are included under the other headings on this page so this might get excluded.

details will help people to fix any potential bugs.

The issue report template is present in the issues tab on gihub, but the main points are also shown below:

## Issue Template

> **Describe the bug**<br />

Author: ```suggestion
**Describe the issue**<br />
```

A clear and concise description of what the bug is.
 
**To Reproduce**<br />
Steps to reproduce the behavior:<br />
1. Go to '...'<br />
2. Click on '....'<br />
3. Scroll down to '....'<br />
4. See error<br />

**Expected behavior**<br />
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.
 
**Screenshots**<br />
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

**Branch or release information (please complete the following information):**<br />
 - Branch/release name: [eg. main, dev or version 1.0.0]
 
**Desktop (please complete the following information):**<br />
 - OS: [e.g. ubuntu, arch]<br />
 - Browser [e.g. chrome, safari]<br />
 - Version [e.g. 22]<br />

**Additional context**<br />

>  Add any other context about the problem here.

Reviewer: Is there any way to link to the template? Copies of the same text in different files might diverge.

Author: Yes I thought about this too. I left a copy here for now, but I think the easiest way would be to just link to the issues tab. As I understand readthedocs it needs to have the files in the same folder structure.

Author: I added a link to the template file in the repo instead.

## Using the issue tracker

> The [issue tracker](https://github.com/RI-SE/ATOS/issues) on the repo page is the preferred channel for [bug reports](#bugs) and features requests. If you want to submit a pull request that relates to a specific issue or bug, please select the bug in question and use the "create branch for this issue or link a pull request" option under the debelopment heading to link your pull request to the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [issue tracker](https://github.com/RI-SE/ATOS/issues) on the repo page is the preferred channel for [bug reports](#bugs) and feature requests. If you want to submit a pull request that relates to a specific issue or bug, please select the bug in question and use the "create a branch for this issue or link a pull request" option under the development heading to link your pull request to the issue.
```

Reviewer: If you want to submit a pull request that relates to a specific **issue or bug**, please select the **bug** in question

* Please **do not** derail or troll issues. Keep the discussion on topic and
  respect the opinions of others.

<a name="bugs"></a>
## Bug reports

A bug is an error, flaw or fault in the design of a piece of software or code.
We welcome bug reports, as they are extremely helpful in furthering the development of the project.

Guidelines for bug reports:

1. **Use the GitHub issue search** &mdash; check if the issue has already been
   reported.

2. **Check if the issue has been fixed** &mdash; try to reproduce it using the
   latest `main` or development branch in the repository.

3. **Isolate the problem** &mdash;
A good bug report shouldn't leave others needing to chase you up for more
information. Please try to be as detailed as possible in your report. What is
your environment? What steps will reproduce the issue? What OS are you using, which
browser is used for the gui?What would you expect to be the outcome? All these
details will help people to fix any potential bugs.

The issue report template is present in the issues tab on gihub, but the main points are also shown below:

> ## Issue Template

Reviewer: This says Issue template, but below it says "Describe the bug", confusing.

Is this the issue template or the bug template?
